docs: improve README (#56)
eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-codejail: README.rst

Codejail plugin for `Tutor`_
============================

> Tutor plugin that configures and runs Codejail using a REST API service. Codejail allows for the 

Reviewer: Overall I think is good to go, but if you have time can you include the link to the edunext/codejailservice repository?

Author: Sure

Installation
------------

To install the latest version run:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install git+https://github.com/edunext/tutor-contrib-codejail

> You can install a specific version by adding the tag at the end, e.g.: ``#v17.0.0``.

Reviewer 2: What do you think about this?
```suggestion
You can install a specific version by adding the tag, branch, or commit:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install git+https://github.com/edunext/tutor-contrib-codejail@v17.0.0
```
https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/cli/pip_install/#examples

Installation
------------

To install the latest version run:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install git+https://github.com/edunext/tutor-contrib-codejail

You can install a specific version by adding the tag, branch, or commit:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install git+https://github.com/edunext/tutor-contrib-codejail@v17.0.0

Usage
-----
Enable the plugin with:

.. code-block:: bash

    tutor plugins enable codejail

> Install the "docker-edx-sandbox" AppArmor profile on your host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the initialization jobs to install the required AppArmor profile on your host:
```

The name of the profile changes depending on the python version used by the sandbox (e.g `docker-edx-sandbox-3.8.6`).

Can we also add a note that the profile must be loaded again if the host is rebooted?

Author: Implemented :)

Configuration
-------------

To customize the configuration, update the following settings in Tutor:

- ``CODEJAIL_APPARMOR_DOCKER_IMAGE``: (default: ``docker.io/ednxops/codejail_apparmor_loader:latest``)

> - ``CODEJAIL_DOCKER_IMAGE``: (default: ``docker.io/ednxops/codejailservice:<_version_>``)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``CODEJAIL_DOCKER_IMAGE``: (default: ``docker.io/ednxops/codejailservice:{__version__} ``) 
```
So it's the same as in the plugin.py file defaults.

Author: I use YML syntax because using single brackets made the quality test fail.

    tutor local launch

**Please remember:** If the host is rebooted, the AppArmor profile needs to be reloaded.

Configuration
-------------

To customize the configuration, update the following settings in Tutor:

- ``CODEJAIL_APPARMOR_DOCKER_IMAGE``: (default: ``docker.io/ednxops/codejail_apparmor_loader:latest``)

> - ``CODEJAIL_DOCKER_IMAGE``: (default: ``docker.io/ednxops/codejailservice:{{__version__}}``)

Reviewer 2: can you improve the formatting of the CODEJAIL_EXTRA_PIP_REQUIREMENTS code block?

Author: I made a change, could you check please?

    tutor local launch

**Please remember:** If the host is rebooted, the AppArmor profile needs to be reloaded.

Configuration
-------------

To customize the configuration, update the following settings in Tutor:

- ``CODEJAIL_APPARMOR_DOCKER_IMAGE``: (default: ``docker.io/ednxops/codejail_apparmor_loader:latest``)
- ``CODEJAIL_DOCKER_IMAGE``: (default: ``docker.io/ednxops/codejailservice:{{__version__}}``)
- ``CODEJAIL_ENFORCE_APPARMOR`` (default: ``True``)
- ``CODEJAIL_ENABLE_K8S_DAEMONSET`` (default: ``False``)
- ``CODEJAIL_SKIP_INIT`` (default: ``False``)
- ``CODEJAIL_SANDBOX_PYTHON_VERSION`` (default: ``3.8.6``)
- ``CODEJAIL_EXTRA_PIP_REQUIREMENTS`` (optional) A list of pip requirements to add to your sandbox.
    
.. code-block:: yaml

    CODEJAIL_EXTRA_PIP_REQUIREMENTS:
    - pybryt
        

> **NOTE:** For some configurations to work, the codejail image must be rebuilt. Command to rebuild codejail: ``tutor images build codejail``.

Reviewer 2: Do we know which configurations merit a new build? Can we add them here?

Reviewer: I think most people don't build this image, so it should rather be framed as what would require a custom build:

1. Additional requirements in the sandbox via `CODEJAIL_EXTRA_PIP_REQUIREMENTS`.
2. A different version of python for the sandbox environment via `CODEJAIL_SANDBOX_PYTHON_VERSION`.
3. Custom version of edx-platform that changes the contents of [`requirements/edx-sandbox`](https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/tree/open-release/redwood.master/requirements/edx-sandbox).

One plugin that includes a section like this is [`tutor-ecommerce`](https://github.com/overhangio/tutor-ecommerce?tab=readme-ov-file#image-customisation).

Author: Implemented :)
